erlang-ale -- Erlang Actor Library for Embedded
=====

Erlang/ALE provides high level abstractions that use Erlang facilities to
interface with the hardware peripherals on embedded platforms. Raspberry Pi is
our current development platform but running ALE on other platforms should be
relatively straightforward too since the lowest layer hardware drivers are not
baked into the ALE itself.


# Warning

This is very much a work in progress and things are likely to be fragile as we
tidy things up. Currently the hardware module supported are I2C, SPI and PWM.


# Getting started

Log in to your Pi and fetch the latest version of ALE using git:

    git clone https://github.com/esl/erlang-ale.git


Fetch the dependencies and build erlang-ale:

    cd erlang-ale && make

You can ignore the errors generated by this.


# Running
Use `make shell` to set things up and start a shell.

## Quick check: Turn a LED on

Set a pin as an output:

    gpio_sup:start_link([{23, output}]).

Turn it on:

    gpio:write(23, 1).    

A more detailed usage of the GPIO module can be found in
`examples/gpio_counter.erl`


# Comments and suggestions
...are most welcome! Please use the issue tracker or email us at
`embedded@erlang-solutions.com`


# License

    erlang-ale is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    You may not use this library except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

